doc improvement: fix broken links, minor fixes, and toc update (#14322)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

KRKNWK-13064: Nordic DFU is not compliant with HAP certification requirements
  Some of the HAP certification requirements are not met by the Nordic DFU solution.

>   **Workaround:** Cherry-pick changes from PR #332 in sdk-homekit repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Cherry-pick changes from PR #332 in the sdk-homekit repository.
```

  A previous implementation allowed for empty key in domain.
  This has been restricted during refactoring.

>   **Workaround:** Cherry-pick changes from PR #329 in sdk-homekit repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Cherry-pick changes from PR #329 in the sdk-homekit repository.
```
